II a dude it's in your mouth people you
already know who it is if you don't kiss
scriber coming all that good stuff man
before I even talk about the game and I
want to talk about my website been
promoting it like every video log into
WWE taganga com if you got an Instagram
you trying to get some followers free
followers it's kind of like the myspace
twitter train how you log in and other
people follow you then you know they
finally get to that you can use the
website each day the game follow us on
Instagram so if you got Instagram chunk
at your follows up log into the website
the link is going to be in the
description also it's in the video you
wanna check it out it's no scam used
instagram api so it logs in and they use
it you know so it's not like it's
storing your passwords and stuff like
that instagram get your password then it
comes the information comes to me so
you're good to go so check it out man
it's free or you pay VIP you won't get
more followers you can use every day you
get at least 20 followers or more but um
check it out but anyways man was
watching the game man Eagles versus the
Ravens man ain't gonna front you know I
don't know if la people even if you
watching this video a lot of people does
you know they might just run into this
video I'm from Baltimore um so I was
expecting you know the ravens to win but
don't get me wrong you know the Eagles
are you know a big fucking nice as hell
but um I'm not really into sports too
much but like when I have time let you
know why certain teams and all that but
um I gotta watch the you know the rages
um I'm not yet I was kind of shocked
matter you know i think was like what we
had like two minutes on the clock you
know fourth quarter i thought you know
get field goal touchdown something you
know you know but um shit happens it was
a close one I didn't like the one when
they ruled it first it was our ball and
then that's when you know they made
touchdown I was like damn I really
thought it was our ball and it was gonna
be game over and then all of a sudden
you know but hey it's some dirty reps
I'm not saying
not trying to make no excuses and
nothing like that but it is what it is
but um I'm not really into sport well
football too much like that so if you
asked me about jog I like john madden
game and all that stuff like now i might
play some NBA 2k13 i don't know if
that's good and not because you know the
speed and all that yeah yeah they need
to fix that up but I don't even know a
man is good is it even good is it better
than last year man I don't know they
said they improved a lot of stuff i see
no twitter fees and all that but um it
was a good game and i can't even front
you know Michael Vickers of beasts um
maybe next time I mean you know maybe
next time but i know the ravens go get
in the playoffs but um I really gotta um
NFL team you know like you know 10 favor
so I'm not really dedicated like a lot
of bloggers on youtube you can tell when
like people really be upset about it for
me I'm just cool like that man a man man
you from online now should I ain't gonna
check the bee man I'm in now we now like
losing I'll get paid for their yeah you
know I had to be like on the team or
something like that to really get upset
but um I really watch on the NBA so go
lakers but i'm not about that y'all tell
me what y'all think about the game was a
close game close fucking get there
that's getting so fucking close man damn
and for court that's for quarter fuck me
up man but now I was a good comeback man
see that's one thing about the e because
you can't really sleep morning man you
know me because I'm telling they just
come back out of no way I thought it was
gonna be a rap because first time we
went out things like 16 13 and all of a
sudden they just came back out of
nowhere but um you know check out my
website um the bottom a description
please share that even of united's know
you wanna check it I'll just check it
out you and me it's no scam than like
that it's been going strong my nigga but
I'm strawberry comments already know if
not eat shit